these are the statutes and judgments
these are the statutes and judgments which you shall be careful to observe in
which you shall be careful to observe in
which you shall be careful to observe in the land which the Lord God of your
the land which the Lord God of your
the land which the Lord God of your father's is giving you to possess all
father's is giving you to possess all
father's is giving you to possess all the days that you live on the earth you
the days that you live on the earth you
the days that you live on the earth you shall utterly destroy all the places
shall utterly destroy all the places
shall utterly destroy all the places were the nations which you shall
were the nations which you shall
were the nations which you shall dispossessed served their gods on the
dispossessed served their gods on the
dispossessed served their gods on the high mountains and on the hills and
high mountains and on the hills and
high mountains and on the hills and under every green tree and you shall
under every green tree and you shall
under every green tree and you shall destroy their altars break their sacred
destroy their altars break their sacred
destroy their altars break their sacred pillars and burn their wooden images
pillars and burn their wooden images
pillars and burn their wooden images with fire you shall cut down the carved
with fire you shall cut down the carved
with fire you shall cut down the carved images of their gods and destroy their
images of their gods and destroy their
images of their gods and destroy their names from that place
names from that place
names from that place you shall not worship the Lord your God
you shall not worship the Lord your God
you shall not worship the Lord your God with such things but you shall seek the
with such things but you shall seek the
with such things but you shall seek the place with the Lord your God chooses out
place with the Lord your God chooses out
place with the Lord your God chooses out of all your tribes to put his name for
of all your tribes to put his name for
of all your tribes to put his name for his dwelling place and there you shall
his dwelling place and there you shall
his dwelling place and there you shall go there you shall take your burnt
go there you shall take your burnt
go there you shall take your burnt offerings your sacrifices your tithes
offerings your sacrifices your tithes
offerings your sacrifices your tithes the heave offerings of your hand your
the heave offerings of your hand your
the heave offerings of your hand your vowed offerings your freewill offerings
vowed offerings your freewill offerings
vowed offerings your freewill offerings and the firstborn of your herds and
and the firstborn of your herds and
and the firstborn of your herds and flocks and there you shall eat before
flocks and there you shall eat before
flocks and there you shall eat before the Lord your God and you shall rejoice
the Lord your God and you shall rejoice
the Lord your God and you shall rejoice in all to which you have put your hand
in all to which you have put your hand
in all to which you have put your hand you and your households in which the
you and your households in which the
you and your households in which the Lord your God has blessed you
Lord your God has blessed you
Lord your God has blessed you you shall not at all do as we are doing
you shall not at all do as we are doing
you shall not at all do as we are doing here today
here today
here today every man doing whatever is right in his
every man doing whatever is right in his
every man doing whatever is right in his own house for as yet you have not come
own house for as yet you have not come
own house for as yet you have not come to the rest and the inheritance which
to the rest and the inheritance which
to the rest and the inheritance which the Lord your God is giving you but when
the Lord your God is giving you but when
the Lord your God is giving you but when you cross over the Jordan and dwell in
you cross over the Jordan and dwell in
you cross over the Jordan and dwell in the land which the Lord your God is
the land which the Lord your God is
the land which the Lord your God is giving you to inherit and he gives you
giving you to inherit and he gives you
giving you to inherit and he gives you rest from all your enemies roundabout so
rest from all your enemies roundabout so
rest from all your enemies roundabout so that you dwell in safety
that you dwell in safety
that you dwell in safety then there will be the place where the
then there will be the place where the
then there will be the place where the Lord your God chooses to make his name
Lord your God chooses to make his name
Lord your God chooses to make his name abide there you shall bring all that I
abide there you shall bring all that I
abide there you shall bring all that I command you your burnt offerings your
command you your burnt offerings your
command you your burnt offerings your sacrifices your tithes the heave
sacrifices your tithes the heave
sacrifices your tithes the heave offerings of your hand and all your
offerings of your hand and all your
offerings of your hand and all your choice offerings which you vow to the
choice offerings which you vow to the
choice offerings which you vow to the Lord and you shall rejoice before the
Lord and you shall rejoice before the
Lord and you shall rejoice before the Lord your God you and your sons and your
Lord your God you and your sons and your
Lord your God you and your sons and your daughters your male and female servants
daughters your male and female servants
daughters your male and female servants and the Levites who is within your gates
and the Levites who is within your gates
and the Levites who is within your gates since he has no portion or inheritance
since he has no portion or inheritance
since he has no portion or inheritance with you take heed to yourself that you
with you take heed to yourself that you
with you take heed to yourself that you do not offer your burnt offerings in
do not offer your burnt offerings in
do not offer your burnt offerings in every place that you see but in the
every place that you see but in the
every place that you see but in the place which the Lord chooses in one of
place which the Lord chooses in one of
place which the Lord chooses in one of your tribes there you shall offer your
your tribes there you shall offer your
your tribes there you shall offer your burnt offerings and there you shall do
burnt offerings and there you shall do
burnt offerings and there you shall do all that I command you
however the humane slaughter and eat
however the humane slaughter and eat meat within all your gates whatever your
meat within all your gates whatever your
meat within all your gates whatever your heart's desires according to the
heart's desires according to the
heart's desires according to the blessing of the Lord your God which he
blessing of the Lord your God which he
blessing of the Lord your God which he has given you the unclean and the clean
has given you the unclean and the clean
has given you the unclean and the clean may eat of it of the gazelle and the
may eat of it of the gazelle and the
may eat of it of the gazelle and the deer alike only you shall not eat the
deer alike only you shall not eat the
deer alike only you shall not eat the blood you shall pour it on the earth
blood you shall pour it on the earth
blood you shall pour it on the earth like water you may not eat within your
like water you may not eat within your
like water you may not eat within your gates the tithes of your grain or your
gates the tithes of your grain or your
gates the tithes of your grain or your new wine or your oil of the first one of
new wine or your oil of the first one of
new wine or your oil of the first one of your herd or your flock of any of your
your herd or your flock of any of your
your herd or your flock of any of your offerings which you vow of your free
offerings which you vow of your free
offerings which you vow of your free will offerings or of the heave offering
will offerings or of the heave offering
will offerings or of the heave offering of your hand
of your hand
of your hand but you must eat them before the Lord
but you must eat them before the Lord
but you must eat them before the Lord your God in the place which the Lord
your God in the place which the Lord
your God in the place which the Lord your God chooses you and your son and
your God chooses you and your son and
your God chooses you and your son and your daughter your male servant and your
your daughter your male servant and your
your daughter your male servant and your female servant and the Levites who is
female servant and the Levites who is
female servant and the Levites who is within your gates and you shall rejoice
within your gates and you shall rejoice
within your gates and you shall rejoice before the Lord your God in all to which
before the Lord your God in all to which
before the Lord your God in all to which you put your hands take heed to yourself
you put your hands take heed to yourself
you put your hands take heed to yourself that you do not forsake the Levite as
that you do not forsake the Levite as
that you do not forsake the Levite as long as you live in your land when the
long as you live in your land when the
long as you live in your land when the Lord your God enlarges your border as he
Lord your God enlarges your border as he
Lord your God enlarges your border as he has promised you and you say let me
has promised you and you say let me
has promised you and you say let me reach because you long to eat meat you
reach because you long to eat meat you
reach because you long to eat meat you may eat as much meat as your heart
may eat as much meat as your heart
may eat as much meat as your heart desires if the place where the Lord your
desires if the place where the Lord your
desires if the place where the Lord your God chooses to put his name is too far
God chooses to put his name is too far
God chooses to put his name is too far from you then you may slaughter from
from you then you may slaughter from
from you then you may slaughter from your herd and from your flock which the
your herd and from your flock which the
your herd and from your flock which the Lord has given you just as I have
Lord has given you just as I have
Lord has given you just as I have commanded you and you may eat within
commanded you and you may eat within
commanded you and you may eat within your gates as much as your heart desires
your gates as much as your heart desires
your gates as much as your heart desires just as the gazelle and the deer are
just as the gazelle and the deer are
just as the gazelle and the deer are eaten so you may eat them
eaten so you may eat them
eaten so you may eat them the unclean and the clean alike may eat
the unclean and the clean alike may eat
the unclean and the clean alike may eat them
only be sure that you do not eat the
only be sure that you do not eat the blood for the blood is the life
blood for the blood is the life
blood for the blood is the life you may not eat the life with the meat
you may not eat the life with the meat
you may not eat the life with the meat you shall not eat it you shall pour it
you shall not eat it you shall pour it
you shall not eat it you shall pour it on the earth like water you shall not
on the earth like water you shall not
on the earth like water you shall not eat it that it may go well with you and
eat it that it may go well with you and
eat it that it may go well with you and your children after you when you do what
your children after you when you do what
your children after you when you do what is right in the sight of the Lord only
is right in the sight of the Lord only
is right in the sight of the Lord only the holy things which you have and your
the holy things which you have and your
the holy things which you have and your vowed offerings you shall take and go to
vowed offerings you shall take and go to
vowed offerings you shall take and go to the place which the Lord chooses and you
the place which the Lord chooses and you
the place which the Lord chooses and you shall offer your burnt offerings the
shall offer your burnt offerings the
shall offer your burnt offerings the meat and the blood on the altar of the
meat and the blood on the altar of the
meat and the blood on the altar of the Lord your God and the blood of your
Lord your God and the blood of your
Lord your God and the blood of your sacrifices shall be poured out on the
sacrifices shall be poured out on the
sacrifices shall be poured out on the altar of the Lord your God and you shall
altar of the Lord your God and you shall
altar of the Lord your God and you shall eat the meats observe and obey all these
eat the meats observe and obey all these
eat the meats observe and obey all these words which I command you that it may go
words which I command you that it may go
words which I command you that it may go well with you and your children after
well with you and your children after
well with you and your children after you forever when you do what is good and
you forever when you do what is good and
you forever when you do what is good and right in the sight of the Lord your God
right in the sight of the Lord your God
right in the sight of the Lord your God when the Lord your God cuts off from
when the Lord your God cuts off from
when the Lord your God cuts off from before you the nation's which you go to
before you the nation's which you go to
before you the nation's which you go to dis possess and you displace them and
dis possess and you displace them and
dis possess and you displace them and dwell in their land take heed to
dwell in their land take heed to
dwell in their land take heed to yourself that you are not ensnared to
yourself that you are not ensnared to
yourself that you are not ensnared to follow them after they are destroyed
follow them after they are destroyed
follow them after they are destroyed from before you
from before you
from before you and that you do not inquire after their
and that you do not inquire after their
and that you do not inquire after their God's saying how did these nations serve
God's saying how did these nations serve
God's saying how did these nations serve their gods I also will do likewise you
their gods I also will do likewise you
their gods I also will do likewise you shall not worship the Lord your God in
shall not worship the Lord your God in
shall not worship the Lord your God in that way for every abomination to the
that way for every abomination to the
that way for every abomination to the Lord which he hates they have done their
Lord which he hates they have done their
Lord which he hates they have done their gods for they burn even their sons and
gods for they burn even their sons and
gods for they burn even their sons and daughters in the fire to their gods
daughters in the fire to their gods
daughters in the fire to their gods whatever I command you be careful to
whatever I command you be careful to
whatever I command you be careful to observe it you shall not add to it nor
observe it you shall not add to it nor
observe it you shall not add to it nor take away from it